hi this is tony ventura I'm president of
the Columbus module two sons of italy
america this year's feast our 14th
annual is scheduled for Sunday September
twentieth two thousand nine with the
rain date of October fourth 2009 it's
thoughts at eleven o'clock and goes to
6pm plenty of food plenty of vendors all
kinds of vendors jewelry shop with it
pocketbooks anything that people can
sell craps also the Columbus lodge will
be will have a tent and will have
vocally selling a soda water and hot
dogs this year we're featuring our first
annual food drive to benefit the local
pantries the church pantries in the
neighborhood we all know how well I'll
badly food is a need even our own in our
own neighborhood and the trying it this
year I ask that everyone come on at
least a can of food or if not more than
one can and also if that's not possible
to monetary donation will be taken to
the big donations or the food at a
Columbus large tent which will be
cloaked located in the area of North
Island near the corner of north pine
street the first annual closed lodge
feastin festival was the brainstorm for
the the imagination of Steve labriola
who then was our sembly Minh and is now
our town clerk and also supervisor
ditto it was their concept of bringing
such a celebration into the neighborhood
as well as helping the merchants as I
mentioned earlier they support it
without them and the the town this would
not be as successful as it as it is as
it has been I'd like to talk a little
bit about the history of our feast this
is again our 14th annual it originally
began as a bid which is the Business
Improvement District to let people be
aware of the vendors and not the vendors
the merchants in the neighborhood and
let them show their wares over the years
it has grown to such an extent that we
average somewhere around 20 to 25,000
people during the course of the day it
runs from North Beach Street to north
NASA which is approximately 13 14 blocks
one of the things that has been added
over the years and then grown
substantially is our classic car show
which is at the end Tony ravioli
location and it runs almost a block of
head this year we're featuring in a
Midway George's inflatables we tried
this last year rather than a mechanical
ride and we found it to be very
successful as well as very well accepted
by the community some of the features
that we will have this year is we have
to show Mobile's one is located on the
corner of North Beach and broadway and
on that show mobile will be some acts
that I'd like to just mention to you
first of all one o'clock we have opening
ceremonies where we will honor our
county legislature at Mangano
he's out grand marshal but also there
would be a lot of electric officials and
also some dignitaries from the community
will be there that's at one o'clock to
130 at one-thirty we're featuring Johnny
aveeno who will be singing some Italian
favorites he has a small band as I
understand and he's supposed to be
excellent at three o'clock are the
oldies band time was will be on stage
and they will perform until 415 at
four-thirty Strawberry Fields well known
a beatles tribute band will be
performing and they'll be on until six
o'clock and how to close out the
entertainment on the show mobile that's
located around North hickory street on
broadway we will have all day we will
have a cruddy demonstrations as well as
dance studio demonstrations and that'll
run out today there are plenty of
sponsorships available and we certainly
would like to talk with anyone who's
willing to or was interested in
structuring this feast once again you
will get advertisement with us and also
depending on your level of sponsorship a
banner will be placed on the main show
mobile where I just described the three
accidental be performing we'd like to
thank those that have already come
forward and and some of them are optimum
slow means xavia agency all state and
the capital one there are others that I
just convention but that those are just
a few you can contact me with any
questions particularly if you want to be
a sponsor at my cell number which is
five months 68 518 53 1 i'll be glad to
discuss it with you and send you an
apple
occasion where we're also always looking
for vendors last year we had somewhere
around 114 vendors and the street
running the link that it is there's
always room for more vendors
unfortunately food vendors were closed
out thank you will see you on September
20th or the rain date about toba fourth
look forward to meeting you